well howdy there Internet people let's
bow again I had a friend at the shooting
today pulled up to work
it's a gun-free zone so he took his
weapon out secured it in his car got
houses car locked his car gunfire rang
out looked like from the photo 50 yards
away so every good guy with a gun out
there knows what happened next he
unlocked his car grabbed that weapon and
moved to engage the threat right no
course not because this isn't the
comments section this is real life he
went to the federal building where
there's armed security and they locked
it down everybody has this image
that they're a superhero worshiper
villain and they know how they're gonna
respond you don't you don't most people
would do what he did
96% of people would do what he did and
before we get into this so I don't
forget I think he made the right call
I think he made the right call he's not
ex-military
not an ex-cop not trained and
conditioned to kill untrained people do
one thing really well in combat die in a
very loud and grotesque manner he did
the right thing that's the right call
for him to make there's this prevailing
myth of the good guy would be God and
it's just utterly false it's utterly
false and the gun crowd knows it's
utterly false - they have to know it
because it's their slogan guns don't
kill people people kill people you'll
say that to a gun control advocate but
for some reason when you go to the store
and buy a mark 23 all of a sudden you're
an operator it's not how it works the
gun doesn't make the man and that
concept is what's fueling a lot of these
shootings the violence is the answer
violence is always the answer and that
you've got to be capable of this most
people aren't the overwhelming majority
of people aren't 4% if you want to look
into that topic there's a series of
books by lieutenant Grossman on killing
is the one I recommend and and I know
somebody brought him up in the comments
section that's just serendipity that
completely random that we're talking
about him today I know you wanted to
discuss him training cops now and
believe me there's gonna be a video on
that but
four percent of people are miss wired to
be capable of killing with no issues
they don't suffer the psychological
consequences of killing and they don't
have to overcome psychological barriers
to do it four percent of people
everybody else needs to be conditioned
to do that everybody else what makes a
graph grosgrain somebody just screamed
back at their screen blood blood blood I
hope you weren't at work because if you
work now you look like a psycho but
you're conditioned to do that right it's
a part of it the profession of arms as a
whole has methods of conditioning people
to be capable of killing that's where it
begins right there at Benny that's where
it starts later on those pop-up metal
targets right does that really prepare
you for combat no of course not because
that's not what they're teaching you
they're conditioning you to kill target
shoot it target shoot it they're
conditioning you that's what it is
because the military understands only
four percent of people are naturally
wired that way now I know somebody's
gonna bring up that FBI survey and that
is often pointed to by people who
subscribe to the good guy with gun
theory that you know well you know out
of 50 mass shootings in 2016 and 2017
good guy stopped him eight times that's
true that is true however it's
critically flawed survey and we'll talk
about that but eight people eight
shooters were stopped four times the
people that did it were unarmed only two
times did they exchanged gunfire with
the person and in the threat to is what
percent of 50
even in the study that flawed that
didn't take into account how many people
were armed and whether or not people
chose not to act or anything like that
the number is still 4% it's it's a
constant and has been since this topic
really started being looked at and world
war two so with all of this out of there
the idea good guy with a gun get rid of
gun-free zones
therefore more people are armed will
stop it it's just false it's not how it
works it's not going to work and besides
I know there's a correlation between
mass shootings and gun-free zones but is
it causation most places were large
amounts of people gather which is kind
of a requirement for a mass shooting our
gun-free zones now evidence to the
contrary to kind of dispel this
correlation since Columbine every school
has somebody with body armor and a gun
there has the rate of school shooting
slowed no course not not everybody in
the world is part of that four percent
but every mass shooter is they don't
care that's not that's not even going to
factor into their equation most of them
don't plan on walking out anyway so
obviously this goes to the whole arming
of teachers thing I did a video on it
I'll link it it's a band-aid on a bullet
wound this is not a problem that's gonna
be solved with legislation it's a
cultural thing we've got to get rid of
the idea that the gun makes the man
that's that's that step one it's a tool
and it needs to be remembered that it's
simply a tool it doesn't make you
something special because you only go
now as far as the psychological aspects
a teacher doesn't have to rush headlong
in the gun fire a teacher is under
attack fight flight or freeze they'll
choose one if they choose fight and they
happen to be armed it will make them
more effective in the fight is this
going to be a grand determining factor
in mass shootings at schools no course
not
and that's assuming it's all done right
and as discussed in that video it won't
be it won't be so how does this relate
to the Parkland cop
why am i holding them to two different
standards because one person was part of
the profession of arms
one person was trained one person in my
opinion had a duty to intervene to save
those kids I know the Supreme Court
disagrees off with me on that and that's
fine they've been wrong before
the good guy with a gun it's not a real
thing
it's not a real it's not a theory that
you can bake based domestic policy on
and in fact to me the concept that all
of a sudden if somebody has a gun
they're more of a man it's a part of
problem not part of the solution because
to that four percent those with that
mindset that weapon that gun it's a tool
they're the weapon deal with a pocket
knife or a rock if they have to or
unarmed as in that study anyway it's
just a fault y'all have a good night